Added mrgit chapter. (#12970)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/framework/guides/development-tools.md

The source code of CKEditor 5 inspector and its issue tracker is available on GitHub in https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-inspector.

> ## MrGit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Mr. Git
```

> [MrGit](https://github.com/cksource/mrgit) is a Multi-repo manager for git. In CKEditor 5 it can be used for an easy development and testing of various CKEditor 5 helper repositories, such as [ckeditor5-dev](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-dev) or [ckeditor5-linters-config](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-linters-config).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Mr. Git](https://github.com/cksource/mrgit) is a multi-repo manager for git. In CKEditor 5, it can be used for easy development and testing of various CKEditor 5-related repositories, such as [ckeditor5-dev](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-dev) or [ckeditor5-linters-config](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor5-linters-config).
```
